Note: After this meeting I realized most of what I typed would also be on the trello. Meeting notes after this one focus on questions rather than the topic of discussion.
Meeting Notes 										10/5/2016
Every group members is responsible for submitting at least one idea for review, each member takes time to read their idea and the team goes through requirements together (user base, etc).
Eddie is leading discussion


Live comments idea: Sunny
This is a browser add-on for video clips. Comments on a video are timestamped and the highest voted comments are displayed at the time stamp to users of the add-on.
User base: People who enjoy sharing their viewing experience with others and want to share/view their comments


Scheduler: Sunny
Doodle, except it chooses the time for you (can send everyone available times and the most voted
User base: This is a feature doodle is missing and sought after by much of the user base


Stream server UofT: Kyle
Video server that different courses can post tutorial videos
Helps cut back down on office time/tutorial time 
User base: University students that are studying for midterms/exams
Sunny question: How is it distinguishable from youtube? Kyle answer: It’s dedicated to university content, it’s not a public platform so only students enrolled in courses can access the videos from the particular course
Tyler question: Youtube solves the same problem in a more general way? Answer: not yet decided


Sharing economy: Eddie
It’s like uber but for lectures
You pay for other people to record/take notes in your lecture
Good idea for students to make money as they do not have much spare time
User base: Lazy university students and students who need money
Tyler Question: How are participation marks handled? Eddie answer: It’s more dedicated to courses where the lectures are more focused on taking notes, getting marks for other students is illegal and will not be supported by the app


Playlist timer: Tyler
Add-on that sets a timer on your music and it cuts out after the specified time
User base: Commuters who risk falling asleep to their music on a train/bus etc.








Pet Streamer: Muser
Streaming service where sheltered dogs are streamed, users can watch and donate on stream to the pets for their living costs
User base: People who want to own pets but cannot have them in the house due to allergies or other reasons
Sunny question: How does this handle a problem something like Afreeca/twitch doesn’t?
Muser answer: Those websites don’t have the credentials to house sheltered dogs, the website is handled more like a charity than a corporation like the aforementioned websites


Rant application: James
Tyler question: What distinguishes this from twitter? James answer: This is more for local issues that you might have trouble finding people that care about it (e.g. 3 lanes blocked on the 404 during rush hour). Tweeting that on twitter might get 1 or 2 retweets but this is an aggregated service for everyone involved in that local issue


Source Company Barcode Scanner: Tyler
Scans barcodes for the big parent company behind the product e.g. Quaker Oats is owned by Nestle
Maybe can give information about the parent company's’ past transgressions so the user can determine if the company’s practices are against their beliefs
User base: Vegans/Vegetarians and people who don’t want to support companies with questionable business practices
Charga question: Can we determine the parent company with just the bar code? James answer: Maybe we can switch it to using the brand?


Tinder for introverts: Jimmy
Self-explanatory
User Base:For people who want to make friends but are really shy. 
Charga: What distinguishes this from services like tinder? Answer: This can be more focused on geek culture like video games. When two introverts find a common interest they tend to open up more so this can be the target user base.


Community App for Car Enthusiasts: Charga
Each car community (divided by brands) are usually focused on their own individual forums
This is a mobile app that gathers communities of car enthusiasts so they can compete/support their brand against other brands. 
Tyler: Isn’t there a service that already groups communities of car enthusiasts together?
Charga Answer: Car forums are heavily divided into brands and even individual car models, this is a service that allows them to be competitive and represent their brand against each other.
User base: Car Enthusiasts


DB Class on Android to handle all DB communications
Framework wrapper over the SQLite library
Designed for 1st timers, makes it easier to communicate with the database
User base: Developers who want to utilized the database but do not want to deal with the SQL to access it


Voting time!
Every group member gets 3 votes and votes for their 3 favourite projects
Sharing economy was picked to be the project!


Tech stack discussion:
Should be implemented as an android app
Java!


Roles and responsibilities:
People vote on roles and responsibilities that we require
+Front end developer
+Back end developer
+DB designer and developer
+Project manager
+Graphic design?
+Testing team?
+Presenter?
Written work editor


It was noted that written work editor would be the same group as the project manager. Also suggested that we rotate the project manager role so that one person does not get overwhelmed.


Meeting discussion
Charga introducing scrum to the team: Each person tells everyone what they’re currently doing, what they’ll want to do in the feature, basically updating the team on their progress
Iteration planning meetings every week
Team leader facilities: What’s the team’s goal for each week, what’s everyone’s individual goal for each week, and any blocks they’re struggling with
Eddie notes that the team does not check slack enough, check slack more
Jimmy: Frontend and backend teams should hold meetings of their own to discuss since they’re working on the same block of code, does everyone think this is a good idea?
Before any work is done, the group should talk about their strengths/where they should work and then the roles are assigned
Eddie creates slack channel for team roles reaffirms that everyone is checking slack






Artifacts
Release plan: Plan for all tasks left undone for a successful product. Lists of tasks for every iteration that we want to accomplish
Issue tracking - List down bugs that you encounter and need to be fixed
Back log: List large features that need to be implemented (UI, etc.) and a list of tasks for each feature that also need to be implemented for the feature to be completed
UI-mockups


List of goals for next iteration:
Run idea with next TA
Check with TA whether this is our 1st iteration or 1st iteration is next week
Eddie: If someone needs to get done, then each task should be assigned to a person
Charga is responsible for asking TA about above
Release plan is decided after approval from TA
Release meeting date is decided to be october 15th after 4pm






































